what's up my kids scioli right
subscribe to this channel if you don't
know me and today I'm going to talk to you about a
program that I love it has me
totally hooked and it's called the island
of temptation and it has been the greatest
discovery of this year says a
person who you already know that I'm a geek
that I love reality
television I consider that it always has to be
throwing the television to some
reality television program I think that every time
one ends they should splice it with
others and so on forever okay there always have to be
reality shows and no big
brother the island whatever okay but
always morbid please always come out
whether you have lived in narnia or not know
what this program is about because the
truth is that right now it is on
everyone's lips it is a program in which
they have caught a series of couples in
particular five couples have been taken to
an island and the girl has been put in
a house the boys have been put in
another house with a bachelor who is going to try to
make them fall into the temptation of cheating on
their partners there are singles who are
obviously falling  the flesh is weak
and there are people who just fall in love
because they don't fall in love or because they are
very promiscuous the things that I am
doing reactions to each of these
chapters on the secondary channel you already
know that on the main channel I
deal with topics when they are most
relevant to me and that really on this
channel and I bring some
about Big Brother some
specific video about a
television program but what are the
reactions to each chapter of the galas
and so on I am on the secondary channel
so you can subscribe and follow me
there too and in this specific video I am
going to spoil what we believe or what
has been confirmed in some cases of
what has happened with the couples you
know that this program is recorded
although they are broadcasting it now as if it
were really happening the program has been
recorded for a few months now and
today there are couples who are no longer
together since the program there are
couples who even have other other
couples and in this video I am going to
advance I am going to spoil what has
happened with each of the couples on the
program who are still together who are not what
has happened if you like this
type of video  support me with a big like
and with a subscription and with many
comments that I realize to
know if you want me to bring you more
videos like this or I leave it or let it be
[Music]
Alex and I went more sincerely this
couple that met on 'women and
men and vice versa' than other reality shows
on Telecinco as well, which is precisely a
reality show that calls my attention less I
see it as more like more vulgar I don't know
that show I see it as more superficial '
woman and man and vice versa' but well that
is not the topic that we are going to address in this
video that things that Siv and both of them
met on 'men and women and
vice versa' came out of there together and it
is a couple that I do not like the attitude
that it has but especially hers I
see him too connected to have been
with his girlfriend for five months and be very
careful I am not saying that you cannot be
in love you can fall in love with a
person even in a week but it is not
very normal that a month after having met
someone on television and having started
a relationship you are planning a wedding
unless you are traveling in Las Vegas and you
are with a potato of  balls so that he does
n't know what a potato is a potato is
a drunkenness
for the news that we
have no impression
well he doesn't announce it and with so much impetus and
with so much enthusiasm this wedding thing because
a little more in this click where to
announce the engagement and it seems that they
are announcing your irons we
need to take this test because
the wedding is coming soon and we
need to know if yes in itself we can trust each one one hundred percent well sign I'm going to give you the result of that test without you having to go to the island of temptations it's not impossible that I can trust one hundred percent in a person you do
n't know and the thing is that no matter how much
I want to no matter how bitter it is and no matter
how well you get along with this
new partner it's impossible for you to get to know a
person in so few months whether you want it or
not that is created over time the
complicity getting to know your partner
only concepts with a look knowing
what they need knowing what they
want you need to live with
them also time to get to know them and that
is the case both in romantic relationships
as in friendships or even
family relationships they do not know or have
confidence in a person with whom  that they have
barely seen in life in fact
let me give you some advice and that is that in
this life when you want to commit
to someone or rather commit to
someone when you don't need to take that
test for example I have so much
confidence in my partner and I know so much about what he is like that I
know perfectly well that it will not happen
in this type of program and be very careful
I mean the type of program as well as the
idea of ​​the temptations because you know that
you are getting into a place where they are
going to put temptations on you people who will go all
out to try to flirt with you it is not the
same as for example a Big Brother where I
understand that living together for
several weeks creates
emotional bonds that create trust
complicity affection with other people and
hey never say that something can't happen to you it
can happen but one thing is a
Big Brother where you are living together and
where things are not sought after and another thing
is to put you in a place where everyone
goes all out for you and that any
of those people who are
actors could care less about flirting with you or
clicking with the wall also I do not understand
at all her role as being super
jealous at the beginning to the level of hitting her
a slap on Alex's first date,
which I think the program shouldn't have
allowed and should have been
penalized because it's an assault and
then you're the one who's starting to
flirt with one of the singles,
arms with your ass in the air, that if little
songs, gifts, leaving you that you
are pajamas, leaving you want
while the other doesn't stop
whining when the
images are being shown, well like a boy, they show you
images of your relative, action of that and you
have nothing else to do and
whining in the corner, what I
see in this edition, I don't know if there will be more
editions of this program, but I'm sure
that the time it's having a lot of
success is that men are very rich
if a person does this to you it's because
your tears are not worth it, it's not worth
you putting on Sheen for her, wake up, damn,
wake up and current
government,
living life, boy, you are in your
twenties and the biggest betrayal on the
part of this girl, I don't think there is
as much affection as hugs and
things like that, physical flirting  but
rather the words that can
hurt your partner like for example
when you have questioned the
feelings you have for him because you
have doubts about your feelings it is
said and this is super strong that before the
end of the program I will
end up wrapped with Ruben Ruben is one
of the undisputed singles protagonists
of this edition since he
is having an affair with a fan and
well then we will address those couples
but if you are following the program you
know very well Ruben because it is
said that Ruben and Fiamma end up
in this program right now when I am
recording this video we are in
chapter 5 we are more or less at the
middle we are right at the middle in
fact and anything can still happen but
the things that have happened imagine
what is left of the program and it is being
rumored out there very strongly that
Ruben and Fiaba end up in the liver and that
in fact to this day they are still
together that they are in a relationship a little
gem it will be called let's go as if to
ask her to marry me every weekend
before the program began on
their social networks they had already dropped hints
that they were not together but then  they
denied it and continued
pretending that they were together, I
imagine it was at the request of the
show's production team, but Alex is no longer
hiding and is showing himself to be very happy and
in love with his new partner, Natalia
Villén, a footballer from Torre, with that I
know what football team that is, but the
girl footballer and well it seems that
Alex also has a new love today
[Music]
Christopher and Fanny, the undisputed
stars of this show,
this couple, this firecracker, I mean,
impressive, in reality,
the casting was very successful, we can't deny that it's
worth thanking that they got this
couple on board and that they're giving the game they
're giving because if not, well, the
entertainment we have and all the
morbidity we have, we won't be
hooked on the show like we are.
In fact, it's being said that Spain
is currently united by two things, the
potato omelette and Christopher.
Christopher is giving us all a lot of shame
because well, they're putting
horns in his face all over Spain.
I think he's the cuckold of Spain who
disputes shame, so let it happen to you.  that
gives me a lot of thing like I don't want to
offend him but how embarrassing the thing is
that she is the one who decides that they go to
this program she is the one who drags him
to participate in this program to
test her jealousy her jealousy be
very careful according to how you see her in the
presentation video she is a
sick person with jealousy and she wants to
test herself she wants to overcome her
jealousy and then her friend comes and it doesn't even take
48 hours to connect with a guy from 48 hours
the place was explaining before I
understand and I think that we should not judge
people who go through this in another
type of
longer reality show like for example
living together on Big Brother hey never
say I won't drink water it can happen to you
just like it can happen to you at work it
can happen to you on the street you can fall in
love with another person when you
have a relationship it does not
mean that it is enslaved for life
even the feelings can change and it
is totally understandable if suddenly you
take your feelings towards your partner
dies and suddenly you start to feel
for another person and the good thing is not to
hide it in fact the best thing is not to
deceive yourself  you yourself are not obligated
because you have a child because you are married
because you have been with
that partner for many years if in reality you do not love them or you
feel for another person the things that
disrespect us the things that do
things with respect with a head and do not
look at it in front of all of Spain like if
you fall in love with another person for the one it
is to leave him hey look I fall in love with another
person and I want this but it is not normal
that you get into a program where you know that they are going to present you temptations where they know that they are going to brush against you and you fall into that temptation in 48 hours it is that sorry and it is not that it is going with the guy in 48 hours well
actually about 48 now I am
saying it let's go well imagining the
chapters of the program the
recorded program I do not know in reality how many days
go by but come on there are not more than two
or three things in which she chooses with
the guy after two or three days
the thing is that even before allying with
him from the beginning of the program she is
flirting with this Rubén is putting
in the  ass in his face all the time
showing him her ass
flirting with him leaking telling him how
handsome he is blatantly telling him
that she likes it without any traction for her these are
things that having a partner is not
nice to say okay if you having a
partner then you can say hey this
guy is hot this handsome guy this guy
could attract me if I didn't have a partner
but the way she says it not
from a person who is respecting
her partner from my humble point of
view to a person who finds it so
easy to be like this acting with this
ease is because she's used to it and don't get me
wrong I've been
with my partner for ten years almost 11 they've been with him for
7 I imagine myself today trying to
flirt with a new woman
in plane watching her flirting with her or whatever
that is and I don't see myself
being cut off I would be embarrassed because I
'm not used to it or so I think
if today it was a nightclub it would be
more than enough to approach a girl to say
something to her the girl would say ok boomer and the thing is that
this girl is not young it seems like she
does it every weekend  that
surprises me that it's the only time she's
unfaithful to Christopher and be very careful because they're
all
my guarantors we can confirm this but the thing is that I
see her as if she has a lot of
confidence in herself as if she were
used to doing this I can
assure you there's a zero percent
chance that I have something with
some of the others, the ones who were happy
about what's happening to Christopher but I
see it as normal that these things happen to him the
attitude that Christopher is having
with what's happening to him is totally
depressing and totally shameful he's
a person who has no self-love he's
leaving a thousand in front of all of
Spain and instead of wanting revenge he
takes another attitude what he does is
cry in every corner he even
starts singing
his partner's songs quietly to show the beach
mayor or whatever buddy have a
little bit of self-love love
yourself son they're watching you in front of
all of Spain the whole [ __ ]
internet is doing MMS to you even at
the Goya Awards this year someone yelled
screams vm  Estefanía and the Goya for best
leading actress is for
and friends
bell survey by the brush in case
someone is watching this video and doesn't know
what it corresponds to this scream of Estefanía
is that when they showed him the images
of his girlfriend in bed with another guy who
is very strong it is very strong that
you are on a program with your girlfriend in
the house next door and she gets into bed with
a stranger the guy takes and
runs along the beach
to the scream of Estefanía Estefanía
trying to interrupt something that has already
happened and well these two today is what
this video is about they are together they have
caught by there are many images have been
leaked paparazzi have taken
pictures of them people on the street have taken
pictures of them that have been seen publicly that they
are together
or in other words we forgive her the shot I
really do not understand how you can
forgive I do not understand how you can
forgive infidelity at this level at the
level of humiliation because it is not to say hey
look, having a lapse a failure
but not a complete humiliation
in front of all of Spain and
Christopher from here I tell you  that you are
a fresh cheese it's normal that your girlfriend
does this to you who knows what you'll notice and that is that
women don't like you to be
although if I offer you women like it when you
impose yourself on women
any person or rather any
person who knows that their partner is going to
forgive them do it
with everything they can and then visited
fresh up to here with me what do I care it's
not that on top of that the guy blames him being
single you don't live it I
'm not getting a root of a I would
like to know what the hell an indian is
but well this guy is putting
a lot of ideas ruben after
this girl appeared on the program can she
become known they have appeared in other
salsa programs or another other supposed
romance that she has had some
are even saying that they have had this
romance with her being with christ it was
before entering the program between them is
there jaime 8 a contestant from big
brother a gem come on christopher
wake up my brother
this couple met on a
television program called first day I don't know if I
pronounced it correctly but I just got
stuck with this pronunciation first
day I have nothing confirmed about this
couple but well it can be seen and it is
clearly noticeable according to what we see on
social networks that these people are not
together and Andrea is another of the
first to have fallen into temptation and has
been unfaithful to her boyfriend in front of
all of Spain what makes me laugh a lot with
these people both Fannie
and Andrea is that these
things happen to them they go and hook up with someone else and they don't
leave the boyfriends anymore girls when you
go to the bonfire which is like the place
where they meet to draw conclusions on
the program with the presenter and such
and Díaz openly the colleague that we are
no longer together that it makes me realize that I do
not want to be with you that I leave it
they are still with their partner but having
a new parallel relationship Andrea has
fallen into temptation within the
contest but also I think that it is
not only a physical attraction I think
that here there is a certain complicity I
think that there is a certain connection that
goes beyond sexual ok it is not only
physical attraction I think that here there is
chemistry with a boy named Oscar
I would even dare to say for some  a
comment that the mother has released in
the debates that Andrea has continued or
continues the relationship knows after
today's program they are still together but I think they have
maintained a relationship that we do not know and
to this day it still continues but I think
that after the program it has maintained
almost 17 let's go if she were once
now with one and then with another then with
another or with another I would not see it well but she already
has a special feeling with this boy
thanks she could fall in love with him yes that yes
on this occasion Ismael has behaved the
same as Cristian and the moment that
his partner has been seen having a good time let's
say that he has already taken on a role
which has been well also enjoying the
contest and enjoying the tacky things that are being
presented to him and well then he
gets involved with another girl also it is seen that he does
not want a serious relationship with anyone
yes but well at least he is
enjoying the contest he is not crying
in every corner at least if he
does it like that the humiliation is not so much not so
much Andrea as a fan and I think that they have
acted in a way and they have done it in
a very little way and what I
mean by this is that  since
day one I see both of them wanting to
fall into temptation wanting to
flirt with other men from the
first moment I say this about both of them
from the first moment I think that
both of them were clear that they were going to be
unfaithful to their partners and what they have
done has been looking closely at the
images that were shown to them of their boyfriends
to grab on to
losing a word that could be
misinterpreted a dance a hug
any little thing that could judge
looking at it with a magnifying glass to have a
justification as to have an excuse
to now do it to her and
turn the tables and sell it as if I
am doing it because I
saw you first it happened in reality it has not worked out
okay when in reality both of them have been
unfaithful before their partners also
this couple Andrei ma he has never been
a very stable couple because in
fact Andrea was on the program a few
months after they met I am
firm and in woman and man and vice versa
Susana and Gonzalo everything indicates that this
couple who began their relationship on a
television program Big Brother a
program that I love and that  true
that edition of all of them I was lucky enough to
see it on set they also broke up
on another
television show this time on
Temptation Island it's been known for months
that this couple are no longer together such a
shame after almost seven years of
relationship and obviously it's because
something happened on the show we still don't
know what but whatever it is it was
because of Acceptance Island in
fact there's some magazine out there that
has confirmed it and I think they
themselves have confirmed it on their
social networks for a few months now and the thing is
these couples have even stopped
following each other everywhere I think they've
broken up boy but it's ending
pretty badly she left
everything for him at the time and came to live in Seville
with him she even has a business who she
looks at halfway with her friend Anabel
Pantoja and from what we can see
she has already left Seville and has already
returned to Murcia wherever she is
slightly I don't know what could have
happened yet between this couple I
don't know what could have led her
to end the relationship I don't know which of the
two could have been the one who put the  leg
because I think he was sincere, I haven't
seen any lack of respect for either of
them, I see her as a super
formal girl and that's in the way she
is and in the way she is of
relating to singles, he sees her as a
super respectful girl, super formal, I don't
know if we won't
do any surprises with her and he,
well, he's bothered by some
funny comment to play a joke and such, well I do
n't see anything that could be considered
a lack of respect in fact I even see him
worried about what might
happen when they are going to show him the images
of his new life and such, one could come
to think that the one who could have put his
foot in it would have been Gonzalo because of the
affinity he has had since the beginning
of the program with Caterina who is a
very pretty girl and it seems that they have
gotten along great and also
with the one he is having a date with and with
whom, well with whom it seems that
something could come up but from some comments
that Gonzalo's brother
who was defending him in the debates has made, let's
not forget that this
recorded program and I already know what has happened and
for example this tweet  that Gonzalo has put
in which he says that well we should be
careful that he warns that neither the
good ones are so good nor the bad ones are
so bad I don't know what could have
happened sincerely I think that well this
makes us understand that perhaps Susana is going
to give us some surprise maybe
neither of them put their foot in it and it
was all a misunderstanding or some gesture some
comment or something that could have
made everything explode could have been
misinterpreted and have bothered we don't
know but what is clear to us is that
this couple is no longer together
and well the only couple that I have left to
comment on is Jose she from INAH but I'm not
going to comment on anything about them because it is not
known on social networks they do not
show anything but evidently it is
a strategy of the program that does not
let them publish photos together or
separately or say anything
obviously because
the program is being broadcast now so as not to reveal
any surprises or anything like that
but I think that this couple if they remain
together I think that neither of them
is doing anything that could bother the
other I think that they are a couple that has
enough confidence in each other it is a couple that does
not  they bother me, I know, the
looks, I know, physical approach
because they are people who know that they can
attract others, they are people who
know that they can attract others and
who would feel hurt if one of
the two maintained chemistry with one of
the singles, I don't know if I explain myself well
but they are a type of couple that I think does
not feel jealousy when there is something physical,
I think it is something more when it is
sentimental and nothing, up to here
today's video, gentlemen, I hope you
liked it, I think it has revealed
quite a few things that surely many
of those who are watching this video did not
know, so it deserved me online and it
deserved a like, the subscription and something
else that I am not going to say because I want them
not to throw away the video and see you in the
next one
[Music]